# invention
There are many models for the manufacture of H. SAYEH and I will begin by explaining the simplest ways: H. SAYEH: consists of two parts; the lower part: contain at least four anchors, evenly distributed along the circumference of H. SAYEH. (Fig. 1 N °. 1); as well as the presence of rubber compartments on the perimeter of the lower part, fill with water and air for two reasons, firstly: to prevent H. SAYEH from drowning. second: give weight to H. SAYEH to prevent the hurricane winds from carrying the axle (fig. 1 N °. 2).
 Note: As H. SAYEH has not yet been tested in the field, it is recommended to check all of its devices remotely to avoid accidents. the top part: contains sails and compressors to inflate the sails (Video. 1) by which H. SAYEH unites and turns automatically to the wall of the eye of the hurricane (video. 2) we attach the two parts to each other by a movable circular rail such as a drawer slide (Fig. 2) H. SAYEH navigates in the direction of the eye of the hurricane by pulling the axle with a special vessel or more with long cables and maybe dismantled the cables when needed, until H. SAYEH reaches the spiral wind, here we detach the cables and give the order to inflate the sails, here, the wind automatically pulls the axis at the center of the hurricane and unites with the imaginary axis of the hurricane and moves with it, here we give the order to cast anchor; as we have seen in some repressive tornadoes that originate in earthly places while carrying it to dust levels, their velocities of movement decrease compared to those occurring in damp or vegetated areas. Because the weight of the dust affects their speed of movement the marinas also affect the speed of movement of the hurricane until the anchor is anchored to the bottom, which forces the hurricane to stabilize in a specific area and remember that we are dealing with the air,  and any external pressure is affecting it, and we have also seen how the Bermuda pressure influences the course of the hurricane As we all know, the hurricane gets its energy from the hot water without which it dies, and when the hurricane stabilizes in a specific area and with its rain and concentrated winds in the same area, leading to a decrease in the temperature of the water leading to hurricane death.
 
